bpo-40662:  add test for ast.get_source_segment with missing line/col… (#20157)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-05-18-12-56-45.bpo-40662.dfornR.rst

> Fixed ast.get_source_segment() for ast nodes that have incomplete location information. Added the missing unit test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed :func:`ast.get_source_segment` for ast nodes that have incomplete location information. Patch by Irit Katriel.
```
